I got to the gate, first the soldiers wouldn't let me in, I think they were all terrified, full of nerves.
Then I eventually got in, and I hit the gates of a young girl there, a young girl, maybe a young woman.
She saw the Magin Dovid on my uniform, she saw I was Jewish as well, she wanted to rush forward and hug me.
She looked so repulsive that I moved backwards, and as she moved forward she was liable to fall,
but I managed to control myself and kept her on her feet.
And then as we worked a few yards later there were about eight or ten people lying on the ground.
And I said, why aren't they in the huts? There were some huts nearby.
They said, they're dead! And so we'll all be dead if more help is given. It doesn't come quickly.
Right, so then I moved, and then I met three or four women who could talk to me,
and then I started to learn about the gruesome, horrific things the Nazis did.